4 repository results
beezee/class.wp_options_page
Takes the pain and ugliness out of creating an options page in WP
Updated on Nov 4, 2011

 PHP
 2
roommanager427/Online-File-Sharing-and-Storage-Sites-Are-Many--Codebase-India-Stands-Out-As-A-Great-Option
All those organizations that feel handling those large data files is becoming messier of a task, going in with Codeba…
Updated on Jan 18, 2017

Moishe-l/Snake-optional-smart-autopilot
A snake game with an option to allow the game to play itself. Before turning, it calculates the closest direction to …
Updated on May 3, 2015

 JavaScript
Woollster/Come-and-join-the-Blockchain-Fintech-Revolution---Dev-jobs-in-Colorado-including-share-options-
Hello Devs, we are currently on the look out for some amazing Java Developers and AWS Devops Engineers to join our fa…
Updated on Dec 17, 2017

taslimbode/Why-Digital-Marketing-Is-Best-Career-Option-
digital market is in a constant state of flux. A digital marketing professional must find ways to keep up with this …
Updated on Jan 20, 2018

Dpli/Error-while-installing-curb
checking for curl-config... no checking for main() in -lcurl... no *** extconf.rb failed *** Could not create Makefi…
Updated on Jul 23, 2012

 1
mgsionline/Medical-Billing-Outsourcing-Vs-In-House-Billing-Let-s-Discuss
The modern physician always struggles to decide whether to go for Medical billing outsourcing or to have the entire b…
Updated on Jan 18

netrics/disable_polymer Archived
This script is not required anymore. YouTube has included a opt-out option in your user menu (Click your Avatar, them…
MIT license

Updated on Aug 30, 2017

 JavaScript
indikagamage/Mage-SMS---SMS-notification-and-SMS-marketing-for-Magento
discount coupon codes etc. – Sending bulk SMS from a CSV file. – SMS opt-out possibility for a customer in the shopp…
Updated on Jul 10, 2014

vundyalaavinash/LocomateAPP
informed on their location while travelling. 3. The application if deviates a lot from the possible routes to the de…
Updated on May 11, 2014

 1
© 2019 GitHub, Inc.
Terms
Privacy
Security
Status
Help
Contact GitHub
Pricing
API
Training
Blog
About
